Add Education Exception to Positron License (#12508)
posit-dev/positron: LICENSE.txt

'use' means anything you do with the software requiring one of your licenses.

'trademark' means trademarks, service marks, and similar rights.

Positron Education License Rider

Education Exception to the Elastic License 2.0 Hosting Restriction (the “Education Exception”)

> Notwithstanding the hosted service restriction in Positron’s Elastic 2.0 License above, you may provide the software to third parties as a hosted or managed service if, and only if, all of the following conditions are satisfied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notwithstanding the hosted service restriction in Positron's Elastic 2.0 License above, you may provide the software to third parties as a hosted or managed service if, and only if, all of the following conditions are satisfied:
```

> (a) Educational purpose. The hosted service is operated solely for educational or instructional activities, including paid workshops, courses, and training programs (collectively, “educational programs”), provided that any fees charged for such educational programs are reasonable and customary and relate to the instruction itself and not to ongoing access to the software as a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(a) Educational purpose. The hosted service is operated solely for educational or instructional activities, including paid workshops, courses, and training programs (collectively, "educational programs"), provided that any fees charged for such educational programs are reasonable and customary and relate to the instruction itself and not to ongoing access to the software as a service.
```
